I'm Peppa Pig this is my little brother
George
this is mommy pig at this study
best friend pepper is waiting for her
best friend Suzy sheep hello hello Peppa
Suzy sheep has come to play with Peppa
Peppa loves Suzy Suzy loves Peppa they
are best friends why don't you and Suzy
go and play in your bedroom oh yes
Barbie George wants to play too peppa
and Suzy loves playing in Peppa's
bedroom so does George know George this
game is just for big girls
oh go on play with your own toys peppa
and Suzy want to play on their own
appetite a little fairy princess I'm
going to wave my magic wand and turn you
into a frog
George doesn't like playing on his own
George wants to play - no George I plan
with Suzy you have to play somewhere
else George wants to play with pepper he
feels a bit lonely George I need some
help I'm making chocolate chip cookies
someone needs to lick out the bowl
George likes helping mummy make cookies
but he likes playing with Peppa more to
be a doctor but who's gonna be the same
person peppa and Suzy love playing
doctors and nurses so does George Peppa
listens to George's chest now George
take a big breath in then cough hmm I
think your heart's a bit loose how could
a plaster oppa light please Suzy takes
George's temperature oh dear
you're very very hot I think you have to
stay in bed for three years
daddy pig has come to find George Oh No
what's wrong with George don't worry dad
is only okay George's our patient oh I
see can the patient have a visitor just
for a little while
he might get tired okay yes Peppa George
there is medicine to make him feel
better
um excuse me doctor
can you help me I have a sore tummy II
need that tickles
I can lick I think you're hungry daddy
then I think I need lots of cookies to
make me better and me